secrets doc (#111)
osisoft/PI-Adapter: shared-content/management/secrets.md

    <br/>
    <br/>

On successful execution, the secrets change takes effect immediately during runtime.

## Secrets schema

The full schema definition for the egress endpoint configuration is in the `Management_Secrets_schema.json` file located in one of the following folders:

Windows: `%ProgramFiles%\OSIsoft\Adapters\<AdapterName>\Schemas`

Linux: `/opt/OSIsoft/Adapters/<AdapterName>/Schemas`

## Secrets parameters

The following parameters are available for configuring secrets:

| Parameter                 | Required | Type      | Description                                                  |
| ------------------------- | -------- | --------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| **Id**              | Required | 'string' | Id of configuration to be added, edited, or removed. |
| **Description** | Optional | 'string' | Description of the secret. |
| **ExpirationDate** | Optional | 'string' | Expiration date of the secret. |
| **Value** | Required | 'string' | The secret value. |

  **Notes:** The **Description** and **ExpirationDate** fields are not used in the adapter and are metadata. 

> 

Reviewer: I think we should add an additional note about the mask and how it can be used to update other parameters without changing the secret value

## Example

```json
[
	{
	  "Id": "OmfEgress.DataEndpoints.Endpoint1.ClientSecret",
	  "Value": "CfDJ8FK3AvrP",
	},
	{
	  "Id": "MyCustomSecret",
	  "Description": "This is a secret",
	  "ExpirationDate": "06/17/2024 18:40:57"
	  "Value": "pEjrGcq7&QK6CF",
	}
]
```

## REST URLs

For the purposes of readability, the secret id is abbreviated {sid}.

| Relative URL | HTTP verb | Action |
| ------------ | --------- | ------ |

> | api/v1/management/secrets | GET | Returns entire secrets configuration (secret values will be *s) |

Reviewer: what do you think about changing this to masked or hidden @rmuolic? 
```suggestion
| api/v1/management/secrets | GET | Returns entire secrets configuration (secret values will be masked by *s) |
```

Reviewer 2: @akiaei - Let's use "hidden" rather than "masked".

---
uid: Secrets
---

# Secrets

> Adapter Framework-based edge systems use secrets when authenticating with sources and destinations. All secrets are encrypted and stored in the management_secrets.json file and can be referenced by using their ID in other configurations' protected field (e.g. "clientSecret" : "{{Secret#2}}"). 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Adapter Framework-based edge systems use secrets when authenticating with sources and destinations. All secrets are encrypted and stored in the `management_secrets.json` file and are referenced by using their ID in other configurations' protected fields (e.g. "clientSecret" : "{{Secret#2}}"). 
```

1. Using a text editor, create an empty text file.

2. Copy and paste an example configuration for secrets into the file.

    For sample JSON, see [Example](#example).

3. Update the example JSON parameters for your environment.

    For a table of all available parameters, see [Secrets parameters](#secrets-parameters).

4. Save the file. For example, as `ConfigureSecrets.json`.

5. Open a command line session. Change directory to the location of `ConfigureSecrets.json`.

6. Enter the following cURL command (which uses the `PUT` method) to initialize the secrets configuration.

    ```bash
    curl -d "@ConfigureSecrets.json" -H "Content-Type: application/json" -X PUT "http://localhost:5590/api/v1/Management/Secrets"
    ```

    **Notes:**
  
    * If you installed the adapter to listen on a non-default port, update `5590` to the port number in use.
    * For a list of other REST operations you can perform, like updating or replacing an egress endpoints configuration, see [REST URLs](#rest-urls).
    <br/>
    <br/>

On successful execution, the secrets change takes effect immediately during runtime.

## Secrets schema

> The full schema definition for the egress endpoint configuration is in the `Management_Secrets_schema.json`  file located in one of the following folders:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The full schema definition for the egress endpoint configuration is in the `Management_Secrets_schema.json` file located in one of the following folders:
```
```suggestion
The full schema definition for the egress endpoint configuration is in the `Management_Secrets_schema.json`  file located in one of the following folders:
```

| Parameter                 | Required | Type      | Description                                                  |
| ------------------------- | -------- | --------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| **Id**              | Required | 'string' | Id of configuration to be added, edited, or removed. |
| **Description** | Optional | 'string' | Description of the secret. |
| **ExpirationDate** | Optional | 'string' | Expiration date of the secret. |
| **Value** | Required | 'string' | The secret value. |

  **Notes:** The Description and ExpirationDate fields are not used in the adapter framework and are metadata. 

## Example

```json
[
	{
	  "Id": "OmfEgress.DataEndpoints.Endpoint1.ClientSecret",
	  "Value": "CfDJ8FK3AvrP",
	},
	{
	  "Id": "MyCustomSecret",
	  "Description": "This is a secret",
	  "ExpirationDate": "06/17/2024 18:40:57"
	  "Value": "pEjrGcq7&QK6CF",
	}
]
```

## REST URLs

For the purposes of readability, the secret id is abbreviated {sid}.

| Relative URL | HTTP verb | Action |
| ------------ | --------- | ------ |
| api/v1/management/secrets | GET | Returns entire secrets configuration (secret values will be *s) |

> | api/v1/management/secrets | PUT | Creates or replaces entire secrests configuration |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| api/v1/management/secrets | PUT | Creates or replaces entire secrets configuration |
```
```suggestion
| api/v1/management/secrets | PUT | Creates or replaces entire secrests configuration |
```
